1.
A Multi-user, multitasking operating system such as Linux is suitable for this environment.
Multiple users can access the system simultaneously from different terminals or network sessions.
Multitasking allows several programs to run concurrently, enabling many students to execute their programs at the same time.
Resource sharing is efficient because the CPU, memory, storage, and other system resources are managed and allocated among users and processes.
fork() IT	Creates a new child process.
getpid() ITO	Returns the Process ID (PID) of the current process
getppid() IT	Returns the Parent Process ID (PPID) of the current process
printf()	 IT Displays the Process IDs on the screenS
Start
Create a child process using fork()
If (Child Process)
Display Child Proces
Display Child Process ID using getpid()
Display Parent Process ID using getppid()
Else (Parent Process)
Display Parent Process
Display Parent Process ID using getpid()
Display Child Process ID
End If
Stop
AND The output:
Parent Process ID: 2345
Child Process ID from Parent: 2346
Child Process ID: 2346
Parent Process ID from Child: 2345

2.
the functions we used is open(),write() ,read(),close()
read() – Reads data from a file into memory.
close() – Closes the file and releases the associated resources.
Start
Open "student.txt" using open() with O_CREAT and O_WRONLY
Write "Rahul" into the file using write()
Close the file using close()
Stop

3.
the functions we used are 
open() –  ItOpen the source and destination files
read() – It  Read data from the source file
write() –  It Write data to the destination file
close() –  It Close both files after copying
Start
Open source file in read mode
Open destination file in write mode
While data is available
Read data from source file
Write data to destination file
Close both files
Stop
 and The aim is to demonstrate the use of open(), read(), write(), and close() system calls to copy the contents of one file to another in a Linux operating system.

4.
the functions we used fork(),exec(),wait();
wait() causes the parent process to wait until the child process finishes execution.
fork() Creates a new child process by duplicating the parent process.
exec() Replaces the current process with a new program.
Start
Create child process using fork()
If Child Process
Execute another program using exec()
Else
Wait for child process using wait()
Print "Parent Process Resumed"
Stop
and then prints Parent Process Resumed.
 
5. 
functions used open(),close().
*Closes the opened file.
*Opens an existing file or creates a new file.

Organizes files and directories efficiently.
Stores and retrieves data from secondary memory.
Provides security and access control for files.
Prevents data loss and ensures reliable storage.
Allows users to create, delete, rename, and manage files easily.
it Starts and then 
Open the file using open(),
Read the file contents using read(),
CODE 
#include <stdio.h>
#include <fcntl.h>
#include <unistd.h>
int main()
{
 char b[50];
int fd=open("student.txt",O_RDONLY);
read(fd,b,50);
printf("%s",b);
close(fd);
}
Display the contents
Close the file using close()
Stop
 It displays the contents on the screen, and closes the file using close().
